more windmills in one place in oil-happy montana than I saw in all of canada.  But lots of solar in canada!

"As the train unwinds all of my timezone traversals, I get to see a sped-up timelapse of geography and geology rewinding too, back across the ups and downs, plains and mountains, sunrises and sunsets"

add more high-level context about early arrivals as I almost never biked into the later afternoon or evenings.  I should try that next time, since I have great lights!

Didn't lose much...anything?...even the things I thought I lost like laptop bag ziploc closer were just in a bag.  might have lost gloves several times but never did.  Clothes were pretty closely guarded, did laundry and folded much more carefully knowing how much I needed every sock and shirt

What did I send back? 

What did I not use? 

What wore out? 

Gear change For next time? (Tent, cooler helmet, camera)

Also somehow tie in the late connections via rail (Western) and road (Winnipeg and East?) (not sure what I meant there...)


photo album link: https://photos.app.goo.gl/UamjNh3oPdsWidFq7

maybe take a look at "further reading" at the end of "Railway Nation"?  Esp Breton.

takeaways around camping versus hotelling, but weight and heat and climbs vs lightness, too?  Maybe time to level up my bikepacking skills of not having too many clothes and other things?  Would like to travel more lightly in the future without not being able to camp, tho...

"for the last month or so of my trip including the train back to the US through new england, I was basking in the beginnings of autumn as touches of red started to tinge the forests and fields"

locale name changes - rat portage to kenora, fort william to thunder bay, new  westminster and others to vancouver, wawa, laggan to lake louise, etc.

+(whatever is in the email in my inbox)

additional reading section: 
- linking shannon and marco's blog and better videos
- bike route network link


themes:

- don't forget to try the plain poutine/bagels sometimes.  

- lean into local expertise.  Helped lots of times!  e.g. what restaurant to avoid in that town where I ate a jimmy dean sausage roll for breakfast at 7am exactly. (and the lady there who made sure I knew the parameters of breakfast in advance!)

museums / history stories beyond the railroad (but also including it).  e.g. brewster company in banff/jasper

- sunsets and sunrises - just spots in a cycle notable for their color and depth.  A great sunset on last night camping helped seal the trip as a communing with nature and not just a bicycle ride.

- road shoulders
 
fumbling in french.  je me souvient and how gatineau felt like vancouver

mosquito-fear almost always worse than mosquito-truth

lack of flat tires / major mechanicals?

warmshowers missed love connections

route verte revisit soon

next tours?  peninsulas and PEI and newfoundland?  or instead rupert / george / etc?

canadian history

questions from the pictures from the touring book I read on the cruise: https://photos.app.goo.gl/WyxyUTgSix9x1cP26

tedious wrapup work:
- tagging ridewithGPS routes / adding to a trip (part 1 & 2 maybe?)
- creating single timelapse video and uploading to youtube
- creating photo gallery
- updating to latest astro
- maybe putting maps/distance from strava in each post?  not so sure about that
